Meeting Log: Wednesday 6/28/23

Meeting with Rohan @ 5pm
- Poker website may be a little too ambitious
- Try to define an MVP in full scope before getting into the project
- Perhaps Blackjack or an online chat room would be easier
- Decide and meet with Rohan by Friday to make sure we are still on track

Meeting with Team @ 7pm
- Decided to do a Blackjack website
- Updated project proposal to reflect Blackjack change
- Pushed meeting notes to repo
